chore: Added sections on residue and cleanup (#71)
c6o/docs: content/references/teleport.md

> [!EXPERT]
> Root access is only required once. During `init` the permissions of the tunneler binary elevate to always run as root (See [Set-UID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Setuid) for more details), so subsequent teleport calls can be run via the current user.

## Residue

This section describes what the intercept command creates within a cluster to accomplish its task and instructions on what to do if something breaks.

> The teleport command makes no changes to your existing resource files in the cluster, but does add endpoints to create tunnels to pods running in the cluster. It also modifies the user's local `/etc/hosts` file. A locally runnin `kubefwd` process is run in the background to maintain the tunnels to pods and manage any changes such as new services, or termination/restarts of pods. Additionally, if you have issued a `-f [some filename]` as part of the teleport command, this file will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The teleport command makes no changes to your existing Resources in the cluster, but does add endpoints to create tunnels to pods running in the cluster. It also modifies the user's local `/etc/hosts` file. A locally running `kubefwd` process is run in the background to maintain the tunnels to pods and manage any changes such as new services, or termination/restarts of pods. Additionally, if you have issued a `-f [some filename]` as part of the teleport command, this file will be created.
```

If the user issues a `czctl [workload] teleport --clean`, a `czctl session close`, or a `czctl session close --all` command, the `/etc/hosts` file will be restored to its original state and the named environment file (with `-f [some filename]`) will be deleted. 

The teleport command also starts up an "ngrok" service that creates a tunnel to the users local computer and presents a tunnel inspection interface on `http://localhost:4040`. The `--clean` and `session close` commands also terminate this process.

## Cleanup

> From time to time you may find that an old `kubefwd` is running, that the `/etc/hosts` file has an old tunnel registered, or an old env.sh (whatever name you have given this) file is still laying around. Cleanup is a matter of killing both the kubefwd processes and the environment file monitor. Usually this will be enough to clean up the `/etc/hosts` or `[some env file]`, but occasionally these will need to be cleaned up manually.

Reviewer: There is a backup of your hosts file at `~/hosts.original`

The environment output file can simply be deleted or renamed.  The `/etc/hosts` file will need to be edited with root privledges and the additional DNS entries removed.

Killing the tunnel process:
```bash
> sudo killall kubefwd
```

If you have used the -f flag, you will need to find the process id and do a `kill -9` of the environment monitor process. 

Here's an example of getting the process ids and using `kill -9` to end these processes.

```bash

> > ps xau | grep 'ngrok\|kubefwd\|env' 

Reviewer: ngrok is not run for Teleport
